Support implicit acks in idempotent producer (#2081)
edenhill/librdkafka: INTRODUCTION.md

librdkafka maintains the original produce() ordering per-partition for all
messages produced, using an internal per-partition 64-bit counter
called the msgid which starts at 1. This msgid allows messages to be
re-inserted in the partition message queue in the original order in the
case of retries.

The Idempotent Producer functionality in the Kafka protocol also has
a per-message sequence number, which is a signed 32-bit wrapping counter that is
reset each time the Producer's ID (PID) or Epoch changes.

The librdkafka msgid is used, along with a base msgid value stored
at the time the PID/Epoch was bumped, to calculate the Kafka protocol's
message sequence number.

With Idempotent Producer enabled there is no risk of reordering despite
`max.in.flight` > 1 (capped at 5).

**Note**: "MsgId" in log messages refer to the librdkafka msgid, while "seq"
          refers to the protocol message sequence, "baseseq" is the seq of
          the first message in a batch.

> The producer statistics also maintains two next expected sequence counters:

Reviewer: This reads sort of funny to me. Perhaps shuffling the words around a bit will help 

```suggestion
The producer statistics also maintain two counter metrics for tracking the next expected message sequence:
```
